okay hey folks this is Chris Bianchi
from tomorrow no defense consulting our
noble authors I'm here to show you and
talk to you a little bit today about
boonie caps dirty covers and this is a
standard dirty cover this one's actually
a British MTP multi-terrain
pattern from Helicon very good booty
cover actually I like it a lot it's got
a lot of features that your standard
usgi doesn't have but it does not a lot
that your standard booty cover that
you're familiar with does have we see
here are these grommet holes they're
vented grommets and you see a little
loop on the crown for attaching
vegetation the standard reason behind a
boonie cover throughout history has been
2:8 and concealment
this shape breaks up or lends to
breaking up the human silhouette a lot
better than something like your standard
ball camp so it's obviously from a
popular hat and a popular option with
not only hunters but also hunters of
guns so what we've done here today is
put out in front of you for display a
few different patterns of the improved
spec up shop boonie cover now davargan
Olo Outfitters is an authorized
distributor and dealer for spec op shop
so we do carry these I've put in front
of you today for your consideration
two of the pen cot patterns by high
definition this is the Green Zone and
the Badlands pattern this is of course
the cry precision multicam and here we
have the a tax foliage great please go
to our website to see the full selection
the differences I want to show you in
the booty covered and why this is
superior to all other booty covers are
numerous so if you'll bear with me I'm
going to try to show them to you quickly
first of all I've never this is the
coolest feature of this booty coming
from specop shop I've never ever seen
this before they put a little map pocket
on the inside of this now if you're
actually using this for work or if
you're actually out in the woods doing
some sort of expedition or in for
example in this area doing an
Appalachian Trail hike that might be a
very handy feature to have now for all
the military and law enforcement folks
out there that are interested in this
type of thing there are a fixed loop
areas that you can put your IR iff
rather reflective tape on that you'll
notice that the vents are not still
vented grommets but instead are a nylon
mesh vent that is sewn in and double
stitched inside the cover you'll also
notice that instead of just a standard
loop around the crown on our other
boonie caps and other Bernie covers we
have collapsed paracord 550 that is bar
tacked in the entire way around as you
can see on the brim and also in the SI
powder on the top of the cover
now most booty covers have your basic
drawstring under the chin that will
allow you to see if your tight
it's pickup shot booty cover actually
goes through a reinforced hull in the
brim comes around the side of the crown
and back to this little adjuster tab now
that is actually sewn into the Hat so
you can adjust that permanently or
temporarily depending on your preference
another modification that I will
actually be doing to my own personal
specop shot booty cover and doing a
video on in the future is actually
taking out this paracord all the way out
using a little bit larger cover and just
looping that around the entire crown
area so that I can cinch it tight on my
head anyway thanks for joining me today
you can find these products at d'marie
nolo outfitters for do ma RI
- and al hakam the links provided at the
bottom of the screen thank you very much
and make it a good day
you